Rules of the game:

The rules of the Wumpus hunt are simple, survive and hunt.

The Wumpus is a big and dangerous beast, eating anything that gets too close.
It's strong jaws and sharp teeth let it able to pierce even the thickest armour,
and therefore cannot be attacked in close combat. If you enter the room our
good friend the Wumpus resides in, he will eat you.

However, the Wumpus is a very picky beast, usually only settling in a cave with
exactly 20 rooms, but sometimes will begrudgingly have to make-do with a larger
or smaller cave if it has no option. In any case, every room in his cave
will have a passage to exactly 3 other rooms.

These caves alone are also dangerous, having rooms with massive bottomless
pits and giant bats flapping through the dark. Be careful of these, you will
know when one is in a nearby room. You will also notice getting closer to the
Wumpus, smelling his foul stench from 2 rooms away, talk about a stench!

If you decide to move into one of these rooms, something will happen.
If you move into a room with a bottomless pit, you fall into it and you will die.
And if you move into a room with a giant bat, the bat startles and flies off
to another room, taking you with him. These bats can move you anywhere, so you
can be dropped in a pit or be thrown into the lair of the Wumpus,
if either of these happen, you die.

As stated before you cannot defeat the beast in close combat, that means you
will have to shoot it with an arrow from another room. Be careful though,
you are only able to bring 5 arrows with you, and if you use all of them, the
wumpus will eventually find you and you lose the game, so use these arrows
sparingly. If you hit the Wumpus, it will die, and you win the game. If you
miss however, the Wumpus will move to a random room. The Wumpus can move to a
room with a bat or a bottomless pit, as he is too big to be taken by the bats,
and he can climb walls with ease. One more thing, he is able to move to your
room! If he does, he'll eat you, so you best not miss...


So go out there, hunt the Wumpus! Will you come back a hero? Or not at all?
We shall see...
